preference here.
We're going to discuss about indentation in python like let me start there.
First of all,
what is an Indian?
C Inland is nothing but a space.
So this if you know,
some other languages like C c plus plus java are some shell scripts,
right?
Let's say suppose,
See Languish.
So in C language to represent some block off court were using curly braces.
Now the lanes which are there between these two caliber asses are a block.
The lines which are there between these two Carl embraces this one on this one is one block
not to represent some set off lines as X operated core as a separate block off course,
we're using curly braces there,
but in your python,
you don't have something like caliber asses to represent a block off court.
No,
Instead of that we are using here.
Indentations were using some space to represent a block off court.
Right?
So indentations are used to represent a block off course.
Let me give you a simple example.
So as of now,
I don't know about Vita,
but just observing some court let me write simple core.
So he had I'm opening a program.
A skeptical in India since uses dot The way my very first lane I am writing Simply drink.
This is a boat indentations,
right?
Simply or printing some string.
Now what I'm doing is,
if three greater than one,
then I want to exclude some two lines.
Print using if condition sprint,
we are taking company.
We are come butting three earned one.
That's it.
No guys,
See that I'm getting some space for these two lines Now.
These two lines are a block off court.
These two lines are a block off course on this block off court is under this line.
So after this line,
I'm giving some space equal space for all lines.
Then these lines,
even he converted 100 lines also with equal space.
Now all 100 lines are there under this line because after this line,
only we're giving spaces.
That's why all these lines are there under this line,
whatever it may be.
As of now,
I don't know about your fight on,
right?
Just observed that.
No,
These two lines are called block off court.
And this line is there under this line?
No,
let me save it on from this we'll study,
right?
No,
I'm running this against simply right on your script.
Name,
right?
You're getting some old put.
I just see once again.
You're cool.
Oh,
this is called indentation might.
No,
the amount off indentation is up to you,
but it must be consistent.
Troop that block.
See that?
I have given same space for first line.
And secondly,
in case by mistake,
if I do some extra space or some less space right on tried to run your script and see the
output.
What?
You're getting indentation error unexpected in then unnecessarily or providing some space.
Right?
So there's many.
But if you want to provide a space,
right,
so before that lane,
you should have some condition or some function in something like that.
As of now,
I don't know that we just assume that for each I never lend.
You should have the same space unnecessarily.
Don't probably space,
right?
Not only here now.
Let me re check it first.
I'm running.
It's working.
Know what I'm doing is for very first line.
I'm going to provide a space.
Very first.
Let me some prince statement for that.
I'm giving some space.
If I give some space.
And if I run after that,
you are getting in a letter like again indentation era unexpected and then unnecessarily or
providing a space for line number one.
Right?
So to provide some space before starting your line Right before that lane usually are some
logic that logical like with the condition or some function name or some class name
something like that.
Like let me open.
You escape Very first line.
I'm starting.
If it is very first line possible,
you should not provide any space.
Let me deliver space even let me do one thing.
No,
forget about the were block off court.
Now I'm writing something here.
Print.
We are okay with it and then they sense not for this prince straight man,
right?
If I right some space,
then you're fighting wound.
Except in case If this line is under this line I mean under this block off court.
Then for this line you have to provide same slant off space.
But we are providing only one space In case if this line is also under this block,
many 100 probably same space here.
But my assumption is there is no relation between this block off or on this line on disease
.
I'm assuming this is a separate line.
If this is a separate line,
you should not probably space first.
If you want to privatise space before this land you hard right against something like some
condition,
name some condition or some function name or some class name,
Right.
So as off.
No,
we don't have anything like condition.
Function on the classes.
Don't Probably space.
That's it.
So simply guys,
as a learner don't provide any space before starting your line.
Okay,
That is nothing.
But simply about your indentations off your fight on,
that's it.
Now it's working perfectly.
So his final point.
Just remember that this is very important.
Don't include on Indian unnecessarily night.
Okay.
Okay,
guys,
Thank you for watching this.
Will you